So here is a quick lecture about Amazon SES
also called Simple Email Service.
So it's a fully managed service as the name indicates
that will allow you to send email securely,
globally, and at scale.
So the idea is that your application will use the SES API,
or SMTP server, and Amazon SES will then send bulk emails
to users.
So this allows for outbound and inbound emails,
so you can receive replies,
and it gives you a reputation dashboard
if your emails are open or not,
performance insights, as well as anti-spam feedback,
so if people write your emails as spam or not.
It provides email statistics such as deliveries, bounces,
feedback loop results, and whether or not
the email was open.
And it supports the standard security
for email sending of today,
so you have DKIAM and you have SPF.
There is a flexible deployment, so you can use a shared IP
a dedicated IP, or your own customer owned IP,
this is to send emails from a specific IP address.
And then the APIs are accessible from the console
specific AWS APIs, or the SMTP protocol.
So the use cases for Amazon SES
will be transactional emails, marketing email,
and bulk emails communications.
The next feature you need to know about for Amazon SES
is configuration sets.
So it's a way for you to customize and analyze
your email send events on Amazon SES.
So there are two things you can set,
you can set number one, the event destinations
and you have two of them,
you have Kinesis Data Firehose,
so that Firehose receives metrics,
such as the number of sends, deliveries, opens, clicks,
bounces, and complaints for each email.
Or SNS which gives you immediate feedback
on bounce and complaint information.
So the first part of configuration sets,
and the second part if you want to is IP pool management
to use IP pools to send particular types of emails,
therefore, for example, that you have one IP set
for the transactional emails,
and one IP set for your marketing emails,
therefore creating two types of email reputations.
So Amazon and SES can have config sets, as I said,
so when you send emails to users,
then the analytics will be sent in real time
or at least the data behind the analytics
will be sent in near real time to Kinesis Data Firehose.
And then you will have near real time analytics
using Kinesis Data Analytics if you wanted to,
or you can set it to Amazon S3,
so that you can run queries on it with Amazon Athena.
And finally, if you want to have immediate feedback
on bounce and complaint information,
you could set up an Amazon SNS topic
to receive this kind of notifications.
Okay, So that's it for Amazon SES,
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.